---
description: Resources for research on companies in China.
---

# China-related resources

## Description

<table><thead><tr><th width="155.0938720703125">Name</th><th width="258.7720947265625" valign="top">Description</th><th width="199.1873779296875" valign="top">Access requirements</th><th valign="top">Cost</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="https://wenshu.court.gov.cn/">China Judgements Online</a></td><td valign="top"><p>Judgments from Chinese courts at all levels. Cases are from all areas of the law, including civil, criminal, administrative, and bankruptcy cases. Cases from specialized courts in maritime and railway law are also covered.</p><p></p><p>The website is provided by the Supreme People’s Court of China. Documents available are verdicts and other legally effective judicial documents. Search by case numbers, parties in a case, lawyers’ names, dates, or the relevant court.</p></td><td valign="top">Account registration is required. Users must provide a phone number (from any country) and either a WeChat or Alipay account.</td><td valign="top">Free</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://www.cninfo.com.cn/new/index">Cninfo</a></td><td valign="top"><p>Find financial information and annual reports of companies listed on the Shenzhen and Shanghai stock exchanges. <br></p><p>The website is operated by a subsidiary company of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.</p></td><td valign="top"><p>No registration required. Users can access from any country.</p><p></p><p>The website also offers online investor relations events, intended for individual investors to pose questions to company directors. To join such events, registration with a Chinese phone number is required.</p></td><td valign="top">Free</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://zxgk.court.gov.cn/">Court Enforcement Information Publicity</a></td><td valign="top"><p>Database of Chinese individuals and companies listed by the court as involved in dishonest practices, most commonly involving bad debts.</p><p></p><p>The website is provided by the Supreme People’s Court of China.</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Foreign VPNs are blocked.</p><p></p><p>Website does not allow HTTPS connection; encrypted traffic is not possible.</p></td><td valign="top">Free</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://www.gsxt.gov.cn/index.html">National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System</a></td><td valign="top"><p>Government platform providing credit information on companies registered in China. Information includes registered capital, legal representative, incorporation date, penalty history and business irregularity records.</p><p></p><p>The website is provided by China’s State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR).</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Users are required to register with their full legal name, China identity card number, email, and China phone number.<br><br>Foreign VPNs are blocked. </p><p></p><p>Website does not allow HTTPS connection; encrypted traffic is not possible.</p></td><td valign="top">Free</td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://www.qcc.com/">QCC</a></td><td valign="top"><p>Information on registered businesses, including basic registration information, shareholder structure, beneficial owners, business authorization certificates, and patent information. </p><p></p><p>This is a privately owned information service company.</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Geofenced. A China IP address is required for the website to load.</p><p></p><p>To use the website, registration with a Chinese mobile number is required.</p></td><td valign="top">Free</td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://88cha.com/">88cha</a></td><td valign="top"><p>Company registry information, similar to QCC. The main feature is an AI powered (DeepSeek-R1) search function, where users can enter keywords (e.g., partial name of a company, name of a company director). An AI summary will be shown, together with a list of relevant companies including the full company name, legal representative, registered capital, and the company’s 18-digit united social credit number.                                            </p><p></p><p>The website is operated by Alibaba Group.</p></td><td valign="top"><p>Basic functions are available to overseas users without login. </p><p><br></p><p>Access to detailed information (e.g., shareholder structure and each shareholder’s linkage to other companies) requires the user to be in China and login with an Alipay (or other Alibaba service) account.</p><p></p></td><td valign="top">Free</td></tr><tr><td></td><td valign="top"></td><td valign="top"></td><td valign="top"></td></tr></tbody></table>

| Page maintainer           |
| ------------------------- |
| Bellingcat Volunteer Team |
|                           |
